MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Dungeons & Databases

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

===============================================================================

D&D 5e CONTENT ATTRIBUTION

This work includes material taken from the System Reference Document 5.1 
("SRD 5.1") by Wizards of the Coast LLC and available at 
https://dnd.wizards.com/resources/systems-reference-document

The SRD 5.1 is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 
International License. To view a copy of this license, visit 
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

Dungeons & Dragons and D&D are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast LLC and are 
used here under the terms of the Open Game License and Creative Commons 
Attribution License.

This application is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically 
approved by Wizards of the Coast LLC.

All D&D content used is from the official System Reference Document and is 
used in accordance with the Open Game License and Creative Commons Attribution 
4.0 International License.

For complete licensing information, see: /src/app/legal/page.tsx 